feat: Document inheritance as an experimental feature. (#164)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: docs/12-experimental.md

> # Experimental features

Reviewer: Suggestion: Move this so that it is the last option under the reference tab.

In the spirit of making our documentation as graspable as possible I think this should be moved into the reference tab as the last option.

"Experimental Features" are cutting-edge additions to Serverpod that are currently under development or testing. These features allow developers to explore new functionalities and provide feedback, helping shape the future of Serverpod. However, they may not be fully stable or complete and are subject to change.

By default, experimental features are disabled. To opt into using them, include the `--experimental-features` flag when running the serverpod command:

```bash
$ serverpod generate --experimental-features=all
```

The current options you can pass are:

- all

> - inheritance

Reviewer: Suggestion: Change this to a table that list the optional available along with a short description about what the experiment is about.

:::warning

> Experimental features are not recommended for use in production environments as they may have unexpected behavior or change in future releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Experimental features should not be used in production environments, as their stability is uncertain and they may receive breaking changes in upcoming releases.
```

> :::

Reviewer: Suggestion: Move this warning to be directly under the header.

## Inheritance

> Inheritance allows you to define class hierarchies in your `yaml` files by sharing fields between parent and child classes, simplifying class structures and promoting consistency by avoiding duplicate field definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inheritance allows you to define class hierarchies in your model files by sharing fields between parent and child classes, simplifying class structures and promoting consistency by avoiding duplicate field definitions.
```

```yaml
class: ParentClass
fields:
    name: String
```

```yaml
class: ChildClass
extends: ParentClass
fields:
    int: age
```

This will generate a class with both `name` and `age` field.

```dart
class ChildClass extends ParentClass {
    String name
    int age
}
```

:::info

> Inheritance currently does not work for `classes` with a `table` field.

Reviewer: Suggestion: Simply document the current state and don't make any promises for the future.

```suggestion
The `extends` keyword does not work for models with a `table` field.
```

Author: noted :muscle: :)
